power mgmt: Edit and expand Hibernation section etc. (#73)
openSUSE/openSUSE-docs-revamped-temp: project/docs/power.md

_Monitor dimming_, _monitor suspension_, and _session suspension_ should be easy to find and usually enabled by default:
Open your desktop environment's settings and search for _power management_.

In contrast, _hibernation_ may need to be set up manually.

## Suspend to disk (hibernation)

Suspend to RAM, or sleep, is easy and fast, but it has an important drawback:
It still requires a small amount of power.
If you put your laptop to sleep and put it away, then when its battery runs out of power, the laptop will turn off.
You will not only lose any unsaved work, but this counts as an unclean shutdown and can lead to disk corruption.
A secondary issue is that some events, can wake the machine from sleep and there is a risk of it overheating in a confined space.
This includes connection and disconnection of USB devices or accidentally pressing external buttons or switches.

Hibernation (sometimes called "deep sleep") is different:
The contents of the machine's memory are saved to disk and then the machine turns off completely.
In this state it uses no power and will resume back to where you were an arbitrary length of time later.

> When Linux hibernates, it stores the contents of memory in your swap partition. When you next boot the machine, when the kernel starts up, it looks in the swap partition and if it finds a suspend image there, it reads it back into memory and resumes operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Linux hibernates, it saves the contents of the memory (running programs, including the current state of your desktop environment) to your swap partition. When you next boot the machine, when the kernel starts up, it looks in the swap partition and if it finds a suspend image there, it reads it back into memory and resumes operation.
```

*   _Resume is referenced_: The partition to which system will hibernate must be made known to the kernel, usually as the value of a kernel parameter

### Creating a swap partition

A swap partition can be created while partitioning your disks during installation, or in a separate step after installation.

#### During installation

This is adapted from [the installation documentation](yast_installer.md#about-partition-schemes) and repeated here for convenience.

<u>Step by step: Expert partitioning</u>

1.  From the _Disk_ view, select _Expert Partitioner_
2.  Click _Add Partition_ (bottom left-hand side)
3.  Add a `swap` partition with a size equal to your current RAM + 1 GB.

#### After installation

From _YaST_:

You need a dedicated disk partition for swap. It does not matter where on the disk it is, so after your existing partitions is often convenient.

If you have an existing partition you plan to use, you can skip the following two sections on partition creation.

##### If the partition does not exist yet

*   If your disk is partitioned with the GPT scheme: just add another partition on the end.

> *   If it is partitioned with MBR, the old DOS partitioning scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   If it is partitioned with MBR, the old DOS partitioning scheme applies:
```
